Impact Roofing & Renovations
4.7 (40 reviews)
 Claimed
Roofing, Gutter Services, Siding
Open8:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Updates From This Business
James Hardie Siding in Alexandria!!
Looking to upgrade your home with a durable, Stylish… read more

Certified TPO Flat Roof Replacement
Need a durable, energy-efficient flat roof? We… read more

Top-Rated Shingle Roof Experts- Call Today!
We specialize in expert shingle roof replacement,… read more

Emergency Roof Repairs!
Rain and snow are on the way! We’re offering… read more

Stop Ice Dams Now- Free Inspection
Ice dams can cause costly roof damage, but we’re… read more

Get Your Roof Winter-Ready With Us!
Getting your roof ready before winter is crucial! By… read more

Looking for a commercial contractor?
We can help. We specialize in commercial roofing,… read more

Boost Flat Roof Lifespan with Silicone Coating!
Add up to a decade to your flat roof's life with our… read more

Free Roof Inspection!
Our estimates are free! We are fully licensed… read more

Eco-friendly Silicone Coating
Durability, UV resistance, Waterproof ponding water… read more

Local Experts For Commercial Roofing
Selecting the right roofing company is paramount.… read more

Top-Tier Roofing Solutions!
At Impact Roofing & Renovations, we know choosing… read more

Premium TPO Roofing Services!
Our team comprises skilled professionals with years… read more

Yesterday’s Hail: Replace Roof via Insurance
If you or anyone you know experienced damage to your… read more

Unbeatable Deals on TPO Full Replacement
Get a fantastic $500.00 discount on TPO full… read more

Lifetime Warranty Roofing for Your Peace of Mind
At Impact Roofing & Renovations, we back our work… read more

Get A Free Quote Today!
Thank you to our brave men and women who have served… read more

Limited-time offer!
Until July 4th you can get 10% off on a full home… read more

We specialize in exterior renovations and solar
Give us a call at (703) 329-2959 to book an… read more

10% off
Get 10% off on your purchase of $10000 or more.… read more

Make sure your roof is using the best equipment
During a roof replacement or large construction… read more

Kickstart Your Outdoor Projects This Summer!
Save $1000.00 on your New James Hardie Siding… read more

Summer Specials Now Available!
Revitalize Your Roof and Gutters for a Refreshing… read more

Experience Top-Notch Roofing Services
Hiring a good roofing company is essential for the… read more

Need a manufacturers certified roof replacement?
We are certified with all of the major manufacturers… read more

We Are Here To Provide You Top-Notch Service!
At Impact Roofing we specialize in a wide range of… read more

Call for a free roof replacement estimate!
We work with you to find the best roofing solution… read more

Our team has 15 years of experience
We can handle all your roofing needs. Call to… read more

First-time customer special
New customers get free gutter guard inserts with a… read more

Free estimate for Valentine's Day
Happy Valentine's Day! Get a free estimate now… read more

	
Verified License
Yelp confirmed a business or employee license.
Portfolio from the Business
Sponsored 

Metal roofing 
Metal roofing

33 Photos

Residential Roofing 2023 
Residential Roofing 2023

51 Photos

Certainteed landmark 2023
Certainteed landmark 2023

14 Photos

TPO flat roof projects 
TPO flat roof projects

27 Photos


Highlights from the Business
BEAT_OR_MATCH_PRICES

WORKMANSHIP_GUARANTEED

ECO_FRIENDLY

LOCALLY_OWNED_OPERATED

OFFERS_COMMERCIAL_SERVICES

CERTIFIED_PROFESSIONALS

Photos & videos	
See all 1855 photos

Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US. Copper roof replacement at Washington monument offices
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US. Job clean up
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US. Job site
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US. Pre construction walk through
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US. National parks building roof replacement
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US. National mall and memorial parks roof replacement
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US. Washington monument national parks building roof replacement
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US. DC TPO roof replacement
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US. DC TPO roof replacement
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US. Material delivery
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US. Copper roof replacement
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US. Government building TPO roof replacement
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US. TPO flat roof replacement
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US. TPO flat roof replacement
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US. Certified with all the major manufacturers
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US. Thank you to our neighbors! We are honored to be voted 2023 Nextdoor Neighborhood Fave. #roofing
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US.
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US.
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US.
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US.
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US.
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US. Before photo of exterior
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US.
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US. Roof replacement in Alexandria, Virginia
Photo of Impact Roofing & Renovations - Alexandria, VA, US. Home Renovation, roof replacement with Owen's Corning Asphalt shingles in Springfield, VA #roofingcontractor

Services Offered
Verified by Business 

Gutter addition
Gutter replacement
New roof installation
Reroofing
Gutter installation
Restuccoing
Roof replacement
Siding installation
Review Highlights
“I want to thank Jeff and Mason for their help with a roof inspection that was required for my home owners insurance policy.” in 10 reviews

“Ben was our foreman and he was responsive to our questions and concerns.” in 3 reviews

“Very responsive, price beat everyone else's, left the house looking great , the new roof and the surroundings!” in 7 reviews


About the Business
Locally owned roofing contractor with expertise in traditional shingle roofs, as well as TPO, metal,
slate and cedar. We have a goal to help reduce the 10 million tons of shingles that end up in land
fills every year by educating homeowners on natural products and on the importance of a quality i…

Location & Hours	
Suggest an edit

Map
Serving Alexandria Area

Mon

8:00 AM - 5:00 PM

Tue

8:00 AM - 5:00 PM

Wed

8:00 AM - 5:00 PM

Open now
Thu

8:00 AM - 5:00 PM

Fri

8:00 AM - 5:00 PM

Sat

Closed

Sun

Closed

Amenities and More
ASL proficient
Credit card processing fee
Accepts Credit Cards
Accepts Zelle
Ask the Community	
Ask a question

Got a question about Impact Roofing & Renovations? Ask the Yelp community!

People also searched for
Roof Repair

Siding Repair

Roof Inspection

Siding Contractor

Gutter Installation

Roofing Companies

Recommended Reviews
Your trust is our top concern, so businesses can't pay to alter or remove their reviews. Learn more about reviews.
Username
Location
000
Choose a star rating on a scale of 1 to 5





Select your rating

Start your review of Impact Roofing & Renovations
Overall rating

40 reviews
5 stars

4 stars

3 stars

2 stars

1 star

Yelp SortFilter by rating
Search reviews
 
Search reviews
Anjani V.
Washington, DC
8 Home Improvement reviews
Sep 10, 2024
I requested a quote for a leaking window and Daniel from Impact Roofing was incredible! He came by and spent the time and energy to fully diagnose the problem. This was amazing and made me feel confident in the solution he proposed and was a stark contrast to other companies who just suggested broad solutions without even testing anything. He also found causes to the issue that no one else found and suggested a cost efficient solution. I now know who I will call for the future issues!

Business owner information
Kiley A.

Business Owner

Sep 10, 2024

Hi Anjani,
Thank you so much for your kind words! We're thrilled to hear that Daniel provided you with the thorough service and attention to detail that we strive for at Impact Roofing & Renovations. We believe in taking the time to fully diagnose issues to ensure our customers feel confident in the solutions we provide, and we're glad we could offer you a cost-effective option. We'll be here whenever you need us in the future!


Read more

Rod N.
Accokeek, MD
06422
Mar 15, 2024
1 photo
Impact Roofing, was one of the first companies to respond back to my Yelp Request, when many didn't. They came back with a Precise and through quote. And then they came out in one day after scheduling and did the repair. They were a little pricey, but they were honest and reliable. I would use again.

Roof Repair

Business owner information
Kiley A.

Business Owner

Mar 18, 2024

Hello Rod. Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us. We’re glad to hear that you found our response time prompt and our quote thorough. Providing transparent and reliable service is at the core of what we do so we are happy to know that you found us honest and dependable. We understand that price is an important factor, and we always strive to offer competitive pricing for the quality of service we provide. Your satisfaction is our priority and we are grateful for your trust and choosing Impact Roofing! We look forward to serving you again in the future. Should you ever need our services. Have a wonderful day!


Read more

Patrick H.
Washington, DC
25211
Dec 15, 2023
Upon recommendation of my neighborhood, I reached out to Michael and Impact Roofing for assessment of my roof. Michael was responsive, walked me through what he found and next steps to work with my insurance company. A full replacement of roof, gutters etc. was approved by my insurer.

Matt has done a very good job of keeping me appraised throughout the process. Materials were backordered, and changes in schedule occurred, but to an extend that is the nature of the business. Always transparent, I appreciate his coordination, and the teams dispatched to our house were all professional, courteous and hard working.

The house looks great with the new roof, gutters etc.

I hope to not have to replace my roof again, but if I do, I know who to call. For those in a similar situation, it does not hurt to reach out to Impact Roofing to discuss options.

Business owner information
Kiley A.

Business Owner

Dec 15, 2023

Thank you!

Juliana C.
Fairfax, VA
4740
Oct 9, 2024
We hired impact roofing and renovations to build a sunroom porch off the back of our home. We met with Mason and Ben from the design team initially. Out of all the quotes we received, we appreciated their educational approach. Ben was our foreman and he was responsive to our questions and concerns. The office staff and other crew members electrician, roofers were also professional and on time. But the best out of all were our two assigned workers Cristian and Arnoldo who basically removed and built the porch from the ground up. They came in the cold, wind, and rain and worked tirelessly on the job. We were amazed at how efficient they were. The porch itself is more beautiful than we expected. Hire this company; they do know what they are doing. The county inspector even commented more than once that they do high quality work. Definitely recommend!!

Business owner information
Kiley A.

Business Owner

Oct 10, 2024

Thank you for the kind and thoughtful review. We think our team is pretty awesome too! Thanks for noticing and taking the time to write about them.

Danielle M.
Franklin Township, NJ
31946
Jun 26, 2024
6 photos
The Impact Roofing team is incredible. They do excellent work, approach all of their projects with professionalism and deep industry knowledge, and their customer service in unmatched. Impact's prices are extremely fair and they seem to go above and beyond for their customers. I purchased a unit in a three-condo structure that was built by JAZ Construction Company. Within a month of purchase, I had significant leaks throughout my home, and it became clear that the builder did not properly install our property's roof or my unit's flat roof deck. We spent months trying to work with the builder to address the leaks, but the builder offered no help and our home sustained more and more water damage. Then, Impact Roofing saved the day!! Impact Roofing handled three separate projects with our property to address different issues with the roof and the flat roof deck and since their work on our home, we have not had any further issues with leaks. Different from a lot of companies, the senior team at Impact (Mason, Ben, and James) were onsite for every project to ensure that the work was done correctly, and it's clear that they spend a lot time training the rest of their team.

Beyond Impact's quality work, I was so impressed by their commitment to meet with the homeowners and talk us through the issues with our roof and the steps to repair. It meant a lot to us.

I could not be happier with Impact Roofing and would recommend them ten times over.

Thank you Mason, Ben, James and team for everything!!

See all photos from Danielle M. for Impact Roofing & Renovations

Business owner information
Kiley A.

Business Owner

Jun 26, 2024

Thank you for the glowing review, Danielle! Thank you for noticing all of the effort the team puts in. Unfortunately builders cutting corners has become industry standard. It’s not the way we would have liked to meet you, but we are happy to have helped. Please reach out if you ever need anything in the future.


Read more

Va L.
McLean, VA
0105
Nov 22, 2024
I put out a request for bids on an improvement/extension to my roof. This was the third time I'd done this. Impact Roofing was the only contractor who called back and explained to me why the request could create issues in the roof and advised me not to pursue it. Other contractors had only said I wouldn't want to pay the high cost, and/or wouldn't bid. Impact was the first service that actually called me and explained technically what the extension would entail, how it would have to be done, and what the risks of the project were. They said they reached out so that I wouldn't think they were just putting me off. I really appreciate the personal touch, the explanation, and the time they took to ensure I did not feel disrespected. That's rare these days. Thank you.

Business owner information
Kiley A.

Business Owner

Nov 22, 2024

Thank you for the thoughtful review. It is our process to try to provide information and education. We want to make an impact on the communities we serve and we are happy we were able to do that today. We also don’t want to unnecessarily put shingles in a landfill if we can help prevent it. Thank you for noticing!


Read more

Calvin D.
Baltimore, MD
940
Apr 24, 2024
Impact Roofing came out to review my roof, but when I had follow up questions they did not respond. I emailed and called the technician and the office manager as was told they would get back to me but they never answered my questions. Maybe the job was too small and they weren't interested, but they could have just told me that rather than ignoring me.

Business owner information
Kiley A.

Business Owner

Apr 24, 2024

Hi Calvin,

I would be happy to help you as the office manager. I do not have any missed emails from a Calvin. Nor do I have any customer in my system by that name. Please reach out to me at Kiley@impactroofing.solutions so we can figure this out.


Read more

Maya F.
Baltimore, MD
070
Jul 14, 2024
Impact (specifically Mason) went above and beyond my expectations for a roofing company. I appreciated how knowledgeable they were. The sale didn't feel forced, I was educated on the process and was left to make my decision. This was my first time purchasing a roof and had trouble deciding on a color, they were able to get me a rendering beforehand which definitely helped. Their pricing was competitive, and I believe I received the best value for my money.

Business owner information
Kiley A.

Business Owner

Jul 14, 2024

Thank you, Maya for your thoughtful review of Impact. We appreciate you taking the time to recognize a job well done. We are glad you are pleased with your roof replacement.

Jawanna C.
MD, MD
050
Nov 14, 2024
This company helped me solve my issues with my roof and siding replacement . Thank you impact roofing!

Business owner information
Kiley A.

Business Owner

Nov 15, 2024

Thank you Jawanna! We are so sorry about what happened to you and we are happy we could help!

Leonard G.
Alexandria, VA
062
Apr 30, 2024
1 photo
Great job on my roof. One day service 8am to 8 pm. They brought a crew of 10+ people and were all in synch. Did a good job of protecting stuff from debris. Excellent cleanup afterward. Fabulous job on actual installation. Identified and replaced over 18 sheet of plywood sheathing. Supervisor came out near end of day to see if I was satisfied. I did have to ask that they leave a couple of bundles of shingles for future repairs if necessary.

Business owner information
Kiley A.

Business Owner

May 2, 2024

Thank you for the great review! I will share this with the team. Please feel free to refer us to friends and family! And please reach out in the future in you need anything.

1
2
3
4
1 of 4
52 other reviews that are not currently recommended

Find reviews useful? Help others by sharing your experience.
Photo of Roof.net
Roof.net

Do you recommend this business?

Photo of Davis Contracting
Davis Contracting

Do you recommend this business?

Photo of American Home Contractors
American Home Contractors

Do you recommend this business?

Photo of Summit Roofing Contractors
Summit Roofing Contractors

Do you recommend this business?


Show more suggestions
Get a quote
Response time

10 minutes

Response rate

100%

148 locals recently requested a quote


Covered by Yelp Guaranteed

Your project with this business is eligible for coverage up to $2,500 when you hire through 'Get a quote.' Terms apply. Learn more

	
Free virtual estimates
Business website
impactroofing.solutions

Phone number
(703) 329-2959

View Service Area